# puzzler_2018

Puzzler2018 - JavaScript client for puzzler_2018
Control your bot. Collect. Store. Win.
This SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/),
please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install puzzler_2018 --save
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing 
into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

Finally, switch to the directory you want to use your puzzler_2018 from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

You should now be able to `require('puzzler_2018')` in javascript files from the directory you ran the last 
command above from.

#### git
#
If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.
https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/puzzler_2018
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install YOUR_USERNAME/puzzler_2018 --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file, that's to say your javascript file where you actually 
use this library):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var Puzzler2018 = require('puzzler_2018');

var api = new Puzzler2018.ScoresApi()

var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.getRoundScores(callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://127.0.0.1:5000*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*Puzzler2018.ScoresApi* | [**getRoundScores**](docs/ScoresApi.md#getRoundScores) | **GET** /roundScores | get all scores for all finished rounds
*Puzzler2018.SimulatorApi* | [**getSimulatorState**](docs/SimulatorApi.md#getSimulatorState) | **GET** /simulator/state | Get the current state of the simulator
*Puzzler2018.SimulatorApi* | [**postSimulatorTick**](docs/SimulatorApi.md#postSimulatorTick) | **POST** /simulator/tick | specify the bot&#39;s action for this frame
*Puzzler2018.SimulatorApi* | [**simulatorNewPost**](docs/SimulatorApi.md#simulatorNewPost) | **POST** /simulator/new | record current score and skip to the next round


## Documentation for Models

 - [Puzzler2018.Action](docs/Action.md)
 - [Puzzler2018.BoardPiece](docs/BoardPiece.md)
 - [Puzzler2018.Entity](docs/Entity.md)
 - [Puzzler2018.EntityAction](docs/EntityAction.md)
 - [Puzzler2018.EntityPosition](docs/EntityPosition.md)
 - [Puzzler2018.InlineResponse400](docs/InlineResponse400.md)
 - [Puzzler2018.Score](docs/Score.md)
 - [Puzzler2018.Simulator](docs/Simulator.md)
 - [Puzzler2018.SimulatorBoard](docs/SimulatorBoard.md)
 - [Puzzler2018.TickBase](docs/TickBase.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.

